F1 🔘 

Client cash in
This is used to deposit money into clients(fortebet customer with an account)
Fortebets account.

Client cash out
This is used to withdraw from clients fortebet account after the customer has initiated a withdrawal and brought the four digits authorization code to the counter for withdrawal.

Slot in
This is used to deposit into the black or vip slot cards...
The black cards are regular cards any customer registered or unregistered customers can use it to play slots at the branch.
The vip card are unique card assigned to a particular customer, this card is given to only registered customers and it's only one per account.
The vip cards are more secure 🔐 meaning fund cannot be withdrawn without the authorization code sent to the owner of the account phone number.

Slot out
This is used to withdraw money from either the black card or the orange card but since the  orange card secured customers need an authorization code which will be send to their registered phone number before they can successfully withdraw.

Load (I) ticket

This is used to load the booking number of already booked prematch games...
Customer can make selections from their personal device or the company Ntbs(the laptops inside the branch),after doing so they are given a number that expires in one hour,the customer are to give you the code number i.e 14 which the operator press the I and insert the number and the selection are displayed on the terminal screen..

Load (T) ticket 

This is used to Rebet already bet prematch games.
In a scenario whereby a customer has already placed a bet at the counter but for some reasons the customer wants to play the same game the operator or the customer doesn't need to go to the trouble of selecting each option again as he or she can just hand over the formerly place bet to the operator, the operator press the letter T scans the former ticket or insert the code manually and all selection will be shown on the terminal which the operator can now proceed to bet the game.


Last (l) ticket 

This is used to display the last prematch game played on the terminal/POS.
this shows the last prematch tickets played on that particular terminal.

F12 finish transactions.
This is used to clear all transactions done on the homepage.

Edit.
This is used to view customers information and assign vip cards to customers 

Letter N
this is used to enter customers username in case the customer wants to make a deposit or withdrawal at the branch.
The operator starts by entering the letter N 
Then he inserts the customer username and clicks on enter after then the customer information is displayed then he can now ask what the customer wants if it's a deposit, withdrawal or information check and edit.

LETTER K
this is used to enter slot cards numbers.

NOTE you can never know a customer account balance from the POS/ terminal 
You can only know a customer vip points balance and slot account balance...


F2 BUTTON 🔘 ( PAYOUT/CANCEL TICKETS)..
This is used to pay out winning tickets and cancel both prematch and virtual tickets..
the operator can payout/cancel a ticket by either scanning the barcode on the ticket or entering the code manually.
Once he enters the code and clicks on enters the operator then proceeds to click on the space bar then a little confirmation message popups to show that the ticket has been paid out/cancel successfully.

A prematch ticked can only be cancelled on the same terminal it's been played within ten minutes of placing the bet,after 10 minutes it can no longer be cancelled.
And even within that ten minutes if any events starts the ticket can no longer be cancelled..
A virtual ticket can be cancelled anytime as long as none of the events on the ticket has started..

A prematch ticket can be cancelled in two ways.
Scan and cancel
Enter the code manually on f2
A virtual ticket can be cancelled in three ways
Scan and cancel 
Enter code manually 
Cancel last..

Paid out tickets and cancelled tickets are expected to be trashed and not returned to customers..


F4 BUTTON 🔘 

To collect 
this shows the total balance available in the shop and it's also used for the collection of reports.

Cash in pos..
This is used to receive money from the head office and other sources that concern the company...

Cash out POS
This is used to send reports, and also send money to the head office..

Transfer 
This is used to send money in-between POS at the branch 

Day report
This show the highlighted summary of transactions done on the POS and it's also shows the POS balance.

Show 
This displays the full transaction Done on the POS.
